all right let's start up the game one
name sends chills down the spine of any
person in the kingdom who hears it
King Dragun when King Dragons darkness
covers the world the chaos door will
obey their whatever
it's nice to meet you generous my name
is Archibald and I will help you save
Prince port okay cool yep
ice dragon was certainly a powerful foe
but remember Dennis we must look at it
nice to meet you Joe what's up nice to
beat you dumb goal Dennis tell my family
I love red ya know it's time my name is
Beth listen little brother I'm sure you
finally remember distance even though I
may be gone I've always be with you
[Music]
there's one thing you should know my
real name is my god okay that's kind of
kind of a big deal they've got it
I was open the chaos door I did all of
this for you Gunther I have no idea
this video was sponsored by Shadow verse
a highly strategic free-to-play super
generous game for new players check out
the link in the description below